Here's a puzzle from a video I just
posted. Imagine you have sent a robot to
a far-away moon, and from here on Earth
we want to send it instructions for how
to move. Those movements are limited to
four very simple possibilities. It can
take a step up, down, left, or right.
[music] And then the instructions we
give it will have it follow a kind of
biased random walk, where half of all of
its movements are up,
>> [music]
>> a quarter are down, 1/8 are left, and
1/8 are right. The puzzle comes in two
parts. [music] First, find the most
efficient way that you can encode these
instructions into binary. Efficient in
the sense of spending as few bits per
instruction as possible. And then, if
you want challenge mode, the second part
is to prove that what you found really
is optimal, and to show that no other
encoding could possibly do better. If
you can answer this question, it's the
first step towards reinventing the idea
of Shannon entropy. The full video,
which is the first in a series on the
phrase compression is intelligence,
[music]
explains all the details.